_pages/add-images.md, before:

---
title: Add images
---
There are two ways to add images. First, if you'd like to keep all your images
in a separate directory, create an `images/` directory and put your images inside it.
Otherwise, you can keep an image in the same directory as the page that
references it.

You may want to use [jpegoptim](https://github.com/tjko/jpegoptim) or
[optipng](http://optipng.sourceforge.net/) to optimize your images. On OS X,
both are available via [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/).

Now within your documents, you can reference your images as outlined below and abiding by
the advice in the [Accessibility
Guide](http://18f.github.io/accessibility/images/).

If an image is in a separate directory:

```html
<img src="{%raw%}{{site.baseurl}}{%endraw%}/images/images.png" alt="Example of
an included image">
```

If it's in the same directory as the source document, the link should be
relative to the parent directory of the document, specified as `..`:

```html
<img src="../images.png" alt="Example of an included image">
```

<img src="../images.png" alt="Example of an included image">

### Next steps

Click the _Update the Config File_ entry in the table of contents.

Commit message:

Update all instructions, internal style
This is in preparation for using this template for new organizations, as
well as on my own website.

_pages/add-images.md, after:

---
title: Add images
---
There are two ways to add images. First, if you'd like to keep all your images
in a separate directory, create an `images/` directory and put your images
inside it.  Otherwise, you can keep an image in the same directory as the page
that references it.

Now within your documents, you can reference your images as advised by the
[Accessibility Guide][acc-images], using raw HTML or [Markdown image
syntax][md-img]:

[acc-images]: https://accessibility.18f.gov/images/
[md-img]:     https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#img

```markdown
![Example image][img-example]

[img-example]: {% raw %}{% link _pages/images.png %}{% endraw %} "Example image"
```

![Example of an included image][img-example]

#### Protip: Strip and optimize your images

You may want to use [jpegoptim][] or [optipng][] to strip and optimize your
images. On OS X, both are available via [Homebrew][]. For example:

[jpegoptim]: https://github.com/tjko/jpegoptim
[optipng]:   http://optipng.sourceforge.net/
[Homebrew]:  https://brew.sh/

```shell
$ brew install jpegoptim optipng
$ jpegoptim -s _pages/image.jpg
$ optipng -o 9 -strip all _pages/image.png
```

### Next steps

Click the _Update the config file_ entry in the table of contents.

[img-example]: {% link _pages/images.png %} "Example image"
